all right this is the last game for the
Super Mario told let it go below 30 of
the LP will explode this is black metal
girls here all right black metal goes
show us the way ring the one comment on
this video is those goombahs are kicking
your ass really the menus are - wait you
see Goomba Zumba's when has that ever
been said in a Mario game well I didn't
see those goombahs coming man don't get
me started on those plants that come out
of the pipe he'll get brutal huh geez
came out of nowhere
cool alright let's do this it's about
time someone let's play this game
yeah really come on better save my
progress okay all right
there you go and the let's play roars
off to an exciting start okay you're
welcome said the mushroom oh come on
this is Mario after he's hungover oh man
uh what do you think oh my god this is
gonna be horrible well it's like the
third enemy maybe start over
yeah maybe this this is a good time to
say I'll just try it again
now okay well press let's play Super
Mario Brothers three blind me there's
the mushroom you forgot you know back in
your little hole a good one
yeah Mario is just fucking wasted I
think to come on the job button yeah
you're sure he's not doing this on
purpose well you hear the music kind of
liked stutters a little yeah I think
he's having emulator problems and he
can't pitch the buttons right away
because he's claiming that Lego I press
jump I swear I knew we shouldn't have
used that cars Oh control scheme see the
music it's like the game isn't even sure
whether or not to proceed okay oh oh
Jesus what they gonna throw at us next
oh okay no no ball I don't think this is
real anymore
I'm gonna do some research I mean it's
obvious he's never played Mario 3 but
doesn't he realize you can like jump on
the enemy isn't listening people
everywhere know the area well don't tell
Meador I'll try to jump on the Piranha
Plants all right there we go we're
getting power-ups we're learning right
now you have two chances there yep
unless that pit was a little tough to
navigate that's it wait all right it's a
leaf it's a marijuana leaf that is looks
nothing like a marijuana yeah that's me
you've never seen drugs before and look
I'm standing on cocaine blocks and
really
I don't know I have the memo sheet Oh
got a master pressing two buttons at the
same time in this game okay got to work
chances before you get to the exit all
right it's taken so now it's literally
impossible to okay good you got it there
okay I'm not even gonna worry that you
didn't get the start but guard awesome I
don't know what it's for
yeah no it's not yeah it's great alright
well stay tuned for part two of I'm
dying to see what you guys on world for
with them auto-scrolling that's clipping
paint this let's play doesn't go past
world what there's no what a random-ass
pipe it doesn't go anywhere
oh yeah that's so bizarre in a Mario
game wow another marijuana leaf it's a
good one that jokes so nice we had to
reuse it twice go with what you know
okay
oh look he killed his first you got this
first kill hello another one what really
took you now like it's gonna do anything
until it makes Mario really high you
wouldn't believe there's a marijuana
star in there here we go nice oh yeah
not for the powerup and thank you hold
on to your britches
oh yeah oh yeah I got another car I must
have set a world record there alright
let's see how he fucks this up somehow
dies on this level alright try here we
go that is what it says let's go for it
okay yeah got 50/50 shot it alright
looks okay
Oh was just a sorry man wearing a funny
hat sorry black middle goes what could
he do in another minute
come on die a few times well he's really
having from jet save check the menu
still Emma T item more
oh please pick four please pick four
come on please please pick something oh
you are screwed its indecisive about to
what to do with all that nothing I had
in my inventory this is like I want to
be the guy for him basically level this
is like Rip Van Winkle waking up and
playing video games for the first time
alright now let's try three a little bit
of ala cart Mario levels is more like my
standards Oh easy that's what I want to
go oh uh well unfortunately these
Impossible music blocks can't be
negotiated we got killed by the fucking
gopher
wow I don't think I've ever actually
fucking appropriate so I'm watching your
grandmother nitin then black metal goes
you're the faggot bad I think I'm
actually gonna subscribe this opions
every video like that oh my god I think
I think we did ever even evil like that
yeah yeah we need some kind of
in-your-face retsu pray symbol with yeah
blood and horns and shit black battle
cow
game over time I tried to say before
going to a little one burner oh my god
this marijuana leaf is a pee on it
Turner means that marijuana leaf joke
twice even though it wasn't funny the
wonder how far you got he has one video
just titled 420 2013
well I guess he really likes to smoke up
maybe that explains this oh you know
what I think he only tries each game
once so he never went back to oh so
that's just okay well good thanks